## List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with two to five sentences.
1. Comparison Operators are relatively easy topic to understand and a vital one in programming. This was already taught to us last year for C++, so it is already a well known topic for me by the start of Computer Science 3. However, there are some differences between C++ and Javascript such as how 1=='1' is considered a true statement which could harbor some confusion when not known or understood. Despite these noticable variations, Similarities are still retained like the format for greater/less than or equal to operators aswell as the === for strict equality in Javascript which is the same as the C++ == operator.
2. Logical Operators are programming operators that harbor no differences in programming format between C++ and Javascript, added to the fact that it is easily understandable. Since the programming operators were already explained to us last year for C++ refreshing on the topic is the only thing needed to do and easily done considering its simplicity.
3. Assignment Operators are operators used to perform operations of two variables then assigning it to the variable needed. I understood this topic well since it was discussed thoroughly in class. These assignment operators can shorten the assignment statement making programming these parts slightly quicker.
4. I understood variable declaration in Javascript very well. The discussions helped me understand variable declaration well and its difference with C++. Unlike C++, when declaring variables, Javascript automatically assigns the data type based on what you type instead of having to declare its data type like C++. 
5. Event handlers are a topic I understand well. It is used for outputs and is easy to understand and use in codes which is why I easily understood the topic.

## List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed.  
1. The for..in loop in loop control structures was not discussed much in class. While other loop control structures were already known before in C++ so only needed to be discussed a bit, for..in loop was a new concept to me so it would be a bit more difficult to understand.
2. Javascript Number Objects is a topic that could be more manually done in practices. This would already be in the code in the practices so it would be great if we coded it ourselves to get the feel of it.
3. HTML elements could be discussed more in class. The later practice exercise did not delve into this much so it would be good to have some more practice exercises related to it.
4. Function declaration could have more practice exercises. There is not really any practice exercises that require the usage of functions in order to simplify the code.
5. There could be practice exercises requiring the use of nested loop. While this is a topic that is already understood well it is better to have exercises involving it to better understand how to use it with the new Javascript programming language. 

## Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items.
My plan of action is to try to make codes involving the topics in the second items. By making codes of these topics, I will be able to understand how they work and figure out what I don't know about these topics. Understanding these topics would help increase my grade in Computer Science will would in turn help in increasing my overall grade in the next quarters.

## In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?
What I found effective are the practice exercises and the speed test, the practice exercises are easy but also give us a feel on how to code using what we learned from our topics. The speed test on the other hand, tests how fasts we can program a functioning code that matches the criteria given. The practices exercises test our understanding of the topic while the speed test checks how fast we are able to code using what we learned from thos topics to see if we can make a code in a sufficient amount of time. The lectures are not as effective compared to the practices which helps us retains information better and we can simply ask our teacher when there is a part we do not understand. The longer example codes were not as helpful as it could actually be, while it serves as a guide it is harder to understand with more complex code examples, so it would be better to have learning guides give small basic code examples and practice exercises being a combination of those simple code examples given.